Our accorded division of the Yandere Ngondro, the practicing, now the extra ordinary Gondro
practices.
Those extra ordinary Gondro practices, the first is rafuq, second is bodhijata,
and third is accorded Hizam Dunirumu, the short Gondro, third is mandala offering,
the long Gondro, then third is the very subtle practices, and the fourth is mandala offering,
and the fifth is guru yoga practices. And along with that, then the sixth is bodhistations.
So altogether, in a way, six points. Now the fourth is rafuq, and rafuq is, of course,
this is the general, this rafuq has no reference to any Buddhism.
When you practice the Buddhism, of course, you take the rafuq, no reference.
All the Buddhism, there's really no reference. And therefore, it's called foundation of the Buddha
teachings.
It's very foundation. With all the rafuq, also there is no other practice follows.
Vedayana or Vedayaki practices, everything practices are really best rooted on the rafuq.
Rafuq is so, so special. And even the teaching says that keep the rafuq essence of your practice,
or more of the practices. So that is really the meaning of rafuq or the jambuq.
And now, to do these rafuq practices, according to lineage instruction, of course, you follow
and feel the strong presence of the object rafuq, rafuq.
Object rafuq is the identity of what they are.
Object rafuq is A, Buddha, Dharma, Sangha.
Or in Vedayana teaching, known as Guru, Deva, and Dakini. Those are the three object rafuq.
But when you visualize that, according to instruction, what do you visualize?
In the teaching, right in front of your space, the letter I, there is a beautiful tree.
Tree of big, large tree blooming, and it has four strings.
Four strings. And then, so in the middle of that,
there is, in the middle of this rock, there is Gurb and Masambhava,
who is embodiment of all of the rafus, embodiment of all of the rafus.
Everything comes through it as form of the Gurb and Masambhava, and there.
And above the Gurb and Masambhava, in the cloud, in the rainbow light, all the lineage masters.
Those are known as, like, six lineages. So, yeah, six lineages, mind to mind,
lamas of the mind to mind, task-making lineage, symbolic task-making lineage, order task-making
lineage.
And Dakini handled task-making lineage, and as well as, kind of, theta, mona,
and then aspiration and empowerment lineages.
And then, the cover, and then, atrocity and predicted linear masters.
Those are the three lineages from the Dharma teachings.
That all those masters are in the rainbow, and also in the rainbow bodies,
looking to ask with eye of love and compassion, vashta, and Gurb and Masambhava for all that.
By calling his only union with lineage on the right side of there, on the Gurb and Masambhava,
there is the bhirva, again, lord of the theatres, and all the sun and moon,
and above that, Buddha Shakyamuni, and with all the one called the Buddhas.
And the right side of the Gurb and Masambhava, left side, sorry, left side of the Gurb and Masambh
ava,
there is then all the great bodhisattvas, bodhisattvas, as well as all arhathas.
Arhathas, such as medjishiri, vedipani, avallokrihiram, all the chariputra, mongarputra,
all those things are right there.
And then, on the front side, there is then all the inner deities, such as vedikalayas,
and then hyangirvas, medjishiri, yamitakas, all those head hirukas,
peace, vorath, greed is all that right there.
And the back side of the Gurb and Masambhava, that means five petres, sorry, I said.
Five petres of lord was a big one, center is the Gurb and Masambhava.
Above that is all the lineage dhammas, veditÄra, and the right side is the Buddha,
and all the Buddha's enlightenment, all the Buddha's and left side is all the Sangh bodhisattvas,
and Arhathas, and all the Sangha members.
And the front is all the Yadam deities, and Guru, Devan, Dakinis, all that in front of them.
And the back side is that all the dhammas, all the teachings,
and in the form of the all shimmering light of the books and the teachings,
like one, those grandeur, dangerous, all the Buddha's teachings, all those teachings,
they are subtle, reciting, sounding, emanating light.
And then in front of that you put stone with full devotion and stone presence,
and then join this rafuddhi phrase as in the teachings.
"Oya, it's all here, really." "Oya, really it's all here, that's it."
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'll look at this way, if I look here, I'll look at it."
So, look at this, this is the breathable soul, that's his hondun, which is like according to his
lineage.
And this is the window, and that. And visualize that strongly and beautifully.
Everything is so light in the place, it's simply energy.
And so many blessed lights are coming to you, and to all the beings of the six of them,
completely purified, everyone's obstacles, obscurations, difficulty, challenges,
bring everything as a perfectly enlightened, really soul stone, and feel so happy and joy.
Then from now on, until I reach the enlightenment, I check rafuddhi.
The Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, Guru Deva, Rakhine, all of them are somewhat inseparable.
Also, in many times in the teachings they said, in the three, they said, "Kundi, Narvala."
One of the rafuddhi, one object of rafuddhi contains all the rafuddhi,
it's like which perfectly dual?
Dual, so that said, then you don't have to think so many of all those things.
If it's difficult, that's the thing, Gaurabhar Masambha is everything.
And Gaurabhar Masambha is inseparable with his hondun, your rafuddhi, or your rafuddhi teacher.
Whatever that, it's inseparable, that's it.
And then just really stone presence, and then jahin, the rafuddhi phrase.
And many times according to his Holisticism, he's teaching and said,
"Then also you join the rafuddhi in the phrase, and at the same time you do the post-stationary."
So that means you memorize the rafuddhi phrase, such as short hundun, and rafuddhi is just two
lines,
and join that, reflect the meaning on that, and then join the post-stationary.
And post-stationary is like, there's short post-stationary and long post-stationary.
And short post-stationary, long post-stationary, that if you can, do the pull, that means that you
all know that.
So that means, pull this long post-stationary, well-touch pipe point of your body on the ground.
That's it. So that means what?
When you do the long post-stationary, and it touches your forehead on the ground, of course, and
three palms, three,
and then your two knees will touch on the ground, so pull point.
Yeah, that is a short post-stationary, and the long post-stationary, you will touch it to your
belly, belly on the ground.
So, I think, six points, I think.
But always in the teaching, it's five points. So that is short post-stationary.
Long post-stationary, if you can do, that's also really good.
It's also a very good exercise in the external level.
But also according to teaching, that is also, of course, really great purification of the body of
secretions.
It's a great purification of body of secretions.
And when you do the post-stationary, you do rafu, you pray, you just say, also, again, this mahay
ana,
the post-stationary, the rafu, you're taking rafu, your mahayana.
So you can think, you're not just yourself alone.
You feel you are multiplying so many numbers, and all the beings of six realms are joined together
with you.
In a way, you are leading them to do the post-stationary.
Everyone doing the same post-stationary, and everyone counting the same prayers
and doing the same findings, the same motivations.
Really feel that even in the teaching, you say that your parents,
you're someone that they don't like or they don't like us, but this time, include them.
And they're all targeted. We're all enjoying and purifying our obscurations.
Accumulate them here. Feel with that and do the post-stationary.
As much as you can. So that is really about rafu juice.